(We deeply regret for causing any inconvenience.)
(We will strive in order to avoid disappointing our viewers.)
Previously on Return.
You are under arrest for murdering and abandoning the body of Ms. Yum.
I will prove In Ho's innocence.
I want 1,000,000 dollars each from you and Oh Tae Suk.
- Shot. - What do you think this is?
(Courthouse)
Let me ask you again.
Do you have a sister?
(Witness)
Did you know the victim 10 years ago?
No, I didn't.
Let me change my question.
10 years ago, a case...
had affected your family quite significantly.
You are aware that the victim...
was involved in the case I just mentioned, aren't you?
Yes, I am aware.
Could you please explain the case 10 years ago?
- Or should I... - 10 years ago,
because of her big mouth,
my sister had become a crazy woman.
She told me that she was going to a part-time job her friend set up.
Jung Soo.
Hey. How do I look? Tell me.
Hey, you're a student. You should be studying.
Why do you keep looking at yourself in the mirror?
You should study. I'm going to make money.
Studying has its own timing.
Jung Soo, how do I look?
Do I look like a 20-year-old? Do I?
Why would you want to look like a 20-year-old?
I'm going to do the part-time job Yeon A set up for me.
That work pays 20 dollars per hour.
I have to look older than 20 years old.
Hey. Go back to your room.
Mark my words. I'll come back with a handful of money.
Beat it. Come on.
- Don't you dare leave this house. - Whatever.
What a lunatic.
I should have stopped her from leaving even if I had to scold her.
Soo Hyun, who went to work, didn't return home.
Even when the sun had gone down and come up the next day.
I was about to leave my house to file for a missing person.
But I got a call.
Hello?
- Is this Kim Soo Hyun's house? - Yes, it is.
(Kind Police, Every Step of the Way)
I'm sorry.
- Jung Soo. - What happened to you, Soo Hyun?
Jung Soo.
What happened? Did someone hit you?
- Jung Soo. - My gosh.
Who was the assailant that had raped your sister?
Seo Joon Hee from Daemyung Hospital,
and Kim Hak Bum from Myoungseong Foundation.
Please refrain from using people's real names.
But I have a question.
Did you receive a scholarship...
as a settlement from the person who sexually assaulted your sister?
Yes.
Your Honor, I cannot find the relevance of that case...
to the present case.
Let's let them continue.
The person who proposed the job to her...
was the victim of this case,
who had just opened her first business.
Although she knew that Kim Soo Hyun was a minor,
she introduced her to those two men,
and after the incident,
she lied to the authorities...
that Kim Soo Hyun had lied about her age.
Is that correct?
They did drugs,
assaulted a person,
and gang-raped a minor,
but they were not punished at all.
Rather...
Rather,
they accused my sister...
of fabricating the incident to extort money from them.
The defendant and another friend...
made elaborate plans to make Kim Soo Hyun...
appear to be a seductress after their money.
Isn't that why you framed the defendant,
who was having an affair with the victim?
Objection. Speculation.
Objection sustained.
Witness. Why did you accept Daemyung's scholarship?
You need to be qualified to even say...
that you are being wronged.
I was not qualified.
I went to a med school in the suburbs,
took time off frequently,
and didn't have great grades.
Still, how could you take that money?
So you decided to take revenge since you had the power now?
Your Honor.
No.
Who am I to take revenge on anyone?
What right does someone like me have?
This is a total jackpot.
It was a total mess. It was like a warzone.
Weren't you at Kang In Ho's trial?
A witness named Kim Jung Soo came forward.
He choked that attorney, Choi Ja Hye.
What was that?
Why do you sound angry?
When was I angry?
I was just shocked.
Anyway,
that witness' younger sister...
was tied to Yum Mi Jung and the problematic four...
through a gang-rape incident 10 years ago.
His sister was involved...
in a gang-rape case with Yum Mi Jung and the four 10 years ago?
Sir.
Well, you should segregate the assailant and the victim first.
Sure. I guess.
Excuse me.
Hey.
- Hi. - Are you okay?
Kim Jung Soo. Kim Soo Hyun.
It couldn't be.
Learn how to knock.
I have no time to waste on knocking.
Freak. What is it?
I mean...
This is insane.
Kim Byung Gi...
is alive.
What gibberish.
Right?
That's what Choi Ja Hye said.
Choi Ja Hye...
The one that I know?
After I talked with you,
I went to his shop,
and she was there...
to see him.
You're not making any sense.
She says she spoke to him...
the day she went to see him.
Why didn't you tell me before?
Are you insane?
In case you'd call me insane.
Hey.
Are you sure you killed him back then?
Hey. Couldn't we have had...
Mr. Kim do this instead?
How can we trust that rat?
Who knows when he'll stab us in the back?
- Be careful what you say. - Gosh. Seriously.
Here it is.
Cut it open.
(Sarang-ro Gas Station)
Hey. Look at this mess you've caused.
Why is this my fault?
It's Choi Ja Hye's fault. She's the worst.
You freaked out about nothing.
You haven't changed at all.
Hey.
What's your problem?
Are you trying to blame me?
Hey, hey, hey. Forget it.
Psycho freak.
You little scumbag.
You're the one who did it.
Shut it.
No, I will not.
You think you're the best, don't you?
Right?
That's why you always did as you wanted since we were young.
Whatever you wanted.
You threw fists before thinking and always caused trouble.
In Ho and I always fixed them for you.
- Did you forget? - You psycho.
You're the one who pushed Joon Hee off the cliff,
and you're the one who shot Byung Gi to death.
You're the one who made this situation...
- into a complete mess! - You lunatic.
What are you trying to do?
It stinks, right?
Talk.
Talk. Talk...
Shoot!
Hey.
Hey!
Tae Suk! You jerk!
Get back here!
Get back here, you rat!
Tae Suk!
I'm sorry.
Get in.
(Courthouse)
Defense, present your closing statement.
(Case: Kang In Ho, 4th day of trial)
The victim was alive when the defendant left the penthouse.
We obtained a statement that she was indeed alive,
and thus the prosecutor's claim...
that she was murdered behind closed doors was not proved.
Due to the unreasonable investigation and detainment,
his reputation...
and the brand image of the company where he worked,
suffered a huge loss.
Not only is he not guilty of murder and abandoning the body,
we must also consider defamation committed against him.
That is all.
(Courthouse)
If there is a possibility that the victim was alive...
during the time the defendant is accused of murdering the victim,
there is reasonable doubt in finding the defendant guilty.
Therefore, the law favors the defendant.
And thus, as the law dictates,
we find the defendant...
not guilty.
Congratulations.
- He's coming out. - Here he is.
- Mr. Kang. - What's the ruling?
- Mr. Kang. - Please move aside.
- How do you feel, Mr. Kang? - Mr. Kang.
- Give us a comment. - Please give us a comment.
- Mr. Kang. - Mr. Kang.
- Mr. Kang. - Give us a comment, please.
- Tell us your opinion. - Mr. Kang.
- Mr. Kang. - Share a word.
- Mr. Kang, a comment, please. - One comment, please.
This was a covert operation.
You've been through a lot, In Ho.
Stop it. Come on. Cut it out.
This is from Denmark.
Each bottle costs about 1,300,000 dollars.
A glass of this costs 80,000 dollars.
Hey, have the whole bottle to yourself.
Drink all of it.
And...
- Come here. Here it is. - Hey.
- I don't want that. - Come here.
- Come closer. - My goodness.
Hey, did In Ho win a gold medal or something?
I did win a gold medal with fencing.
No one gets acquitted of a murder charge.
But it happened to In Ho.
- My goodness. - Hey.
You guys are making me laugh for the first time in two months.
Yes, smile. Please smile.
Look at me.
Everyone found out that I was Mr. K from the case 10 years ago.
My name was the fifth most-searched keywords online.
Even my university is throwing a fit.
They are protesting that a rapist-professor should be fired.
But look at me. Look how happy I am.
Hey, but you know what? Why was I only the fifth most-searched word?
That jerk, Joon Hee, had his name being the third most-searched name.
You crazy jerk.
So your names went viral?
They wrote articles about them. It was quite a mess.
Dad managed to shut the articles down,
but some people still wrote about the incident...
on some online blogs.
I'm sorry about that. I stirred up the hornet's nest.
Forget it. We should put it behind us and go back to our lives.
No. I can't do that.
This isn't over until the real killer is apprehended.
Right. What about Joon Hee? How is he?
He's the same.
We must also catch whoever did that to Joon Hee.
Do you guys know anything about who it might have been?
What do you mean?
Well, Joon Hee...
I heard he was attacked...
when he was coming to the precinct to clear my name.
Hey, let's take it one step at a time.
First, you need to wash up. Come on.
I'll go wash at home.
I want to see Dal Rae too.
[VIU Ver] E15 Return "Not Guilty"
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
Dal Rae, come here.
Dal Rae, it's all right. Come here.
Come to Daddy.
Mom.
If she's sleeping, come out. Have a glass of wine with me.
I'm tired. I'm just going to call it a night.
Are you going to sleep in here tonight?
But tonight, why don't you sleep...
(National Forensic Service)
You know the anesthetic drug...
found in Yum Mi Jung's body you told me about the other day?
- Rocuronium? - Yes, that.
Is that something one can easily buy on the market?
I doubt it. It's a medical supply hospitals use.
It is only available from pharmacies inside hospitals.
(Daemyung Hospital)
I cannot disclose the information without a warrant.
- I'm sorry. - I only need one question answered.
Please let me know if rocuronium had been stolen from this hospital.
If I try to get a warrant and follow the protocol,
reporters who catch on fast will get a whiff of this.
If they write about that, it won't be good for the hospital either.
Yes, there had been an incident. Four bottles of it disappeared.
When was that?
It was early November last year.
Did you report it to the police?
The district police took the surveillance footage...
and interviewed people in charge of it,
but they never apprehended the culprit.
May I get a list of the individuals who were interviewed?
Leave your phone number, and I'll send it to your number.
(New Message)
(Kim Jung Soo, neurosurgeon)
(Kim Jung Soo)
Hello.
Are you out for a run?
Whom am I speaking to?
I'm the detective on Yum Mi Jung's case.
I have a few questions.
- Okay. - I must ask you questions...
regarding the theft of drugs at Daemyung Hospital...
which happened in early November.
I'm assuming it will be a long talk. Why don't we go somewhere else?
Sure.
- Ask your questions. - First off,
where were you at the time when the drug was stolen?
As I said before,
I was at the hospital for my shift.
Is there anyone who can confirm your alibi?
Everyone is busy at the hospital. They can't remember the exact time.
It sounds like no one can confirm it.
I am stating there is no reason for such act.
I am not relevant to that case.
Coincidentally,
you were the last person who talked with...
Yum Mi Jung on the phone.
And you were also interviewed...
regarding the disappearance of the drug at the hospital.
It's another coincidence that the drug used...
in the process of murdering Yum Mi Jung was the same one...
that disappeared from the hospital. Isn't it?
You only have circumstantial evidence,
but not concrete evidence.
It was just like this 10 years ago.
It was just my sister's statement.
Someone went free because there wasn't...
any evidence that could support her statement.
Is that why you murdered her?
Is that why you killed Yum Mi Jung...
and framed Kang In Ho for the act?
He won't be on the receiving end.
If I were to kill, it would've been Kim Hak Bum or Seo Joon Hee.
There's no way I would kill Yum Mi Jung.
Besides, just like everyone said,
I'm a jerk who has been living in comfort after selling my sister.
Do you think a selfish jerk like me would kill someone for my sister?
Please.
I really hope that you aren't the killer.
I need to work out.
I'll get going if you're done with your questions.
And...
if you do this again without a warrant,
I'll get angry.
Have a nice day.
How did it go?
It isn't easy.
Have some morning coffee.
Request a search warrant for Kim Jung Soo's home.
Okay.
Gosh, that must hurt. Seriously.
You have a guest, sir.
Shoot.
What is it?
I'm a detective with Gangdong Precinct.
Please.
You know Kim Byung Gi, don't you?
Byung Gi. Byung Gi, you say.
I'm sorry, Detective. I don't remember.
He was your alibi last time.
That Byung Gi.
Byung Gi, yes, Byung Gi.
Why did you pretend...
not to know him?
Well...
I study a lot, so my brain is packed with information,
and it overloaded. I temporarily forgot.
This is about Kim Byung Gi's disappearance.
Please cooperate with us.
But Detective,
is Byung Gi...
dead?
I never said he was dead.
Please come with me.
You can talk to my attorney about that. Hold on.
You may not know,
but college classes are long.
I have about 10 hours of lectures to give,
so feel free to wait if you want or leave.
If you're going to wait,
order some food.
I'll let them know.
That's right. Make it less than 30 dollars.
Don't get fired later, okay?
Good luck!
Why are you being so obvious?
Hey, you. Get out.
Get out now.
Shoot.
This is insane.
How did he associate me to him?
Darn it.
What now?
Hey.
Are you really going to answer my calls like that?
What is it?
A detective came.
He asked about Byung Gi.
- What did you say? - I was natural,
so he wouldn't notice.
Keep denying it.
You think...
I'm a moron, don't you?
Right?
Watch yourself.
I have a warrant, so it's fine for us to meet again, right?
Check as much as you need.
I can leave you alone...
if that would make you more comfortable.
That won't be necessary.
What is this for?
I play the contrabass in a teachers' association.
I see.
What a unique woman.
How morbid.
That's right. I gave it to Rachel.
Giving paintings...
isn't a crime, is it?
That's right.
Gosh.
Do you volunteer too?
It's nothing much.
Some people got together to donate our talent.
Would you like some tea?
Yes, thank you.
- Here you go. - Thank you.
May I use the restroom?
That way.
What is this key for to have him hide it in such a place?
What an incredible murderer.
The killer drowned her while her body...
was slowly being paralyzed.
It means that the killer watched her die.
Thank you for letting me use the bathroom.
You were in there for a while.
Did you find something in there?
I know, right?
There was nothing useful.
My apologies for troubling you.
I'm sorry you couldn't find...
what you were looking for.
Right. Are you seeing anyone?
- No. - Gosh, you must be lonely.
So that's must be why you play an instrument.
(Episode 16 will air shortly.)